Docs: Add some messages flagging the upcoming requirement of a .readthedocs.yaml (#10389)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/config-file/v1.rst

.. warning::

>    Version 1 is deprecated and :doc:`support is removed in September 2023 <rtd-blog:migrate-configuration-v2>`.
>    Instead, use the version 2 of the configuration file.
>    See the :ref:`new features <config-file/v2:New settings>`
>    and :ref:`how to migrate from v1 <config-file/v2:Migrating from v1>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Version 1 is deprecated and :doc:`support will be removed in September 2023 <rtd-blog:migrate-configuration-v2>`.
   You should use version 2 of the configuration file.
   See the :ref:`new features <config-file/v2:New settings>`
   and :ref:`how to migrate from v1 <config-file/v2:Migrating from v1>`.
```
